# Selected CDPH postings

The California Department of Public Health (CDPH) is recruiting for four experienced, visionary executives to join one of the largest and most acclaimed state public health departments in the nation.
 
The **Deputy Director for the Information Technology Services Division** has full management responsibility for a large complex multi-disciplined organization and oversees an annual IT budget of approximately $70 million and the large IT Project Portfolio within the ITSD. The Deputy Director oversees the IT Data Center Operations (infrastructure), and IT competencies that include security management, application development, enterprise project and portfolio management, enterprise change management and quality assurance, architecture and administrative support for the Department including executive sponsorship and support for the State’s largest Health IT projects. The final filing date to apply for this position (JC-280402) is January 10, 2022.
https://www.calcareers.ca.gov/CalHrPublic/Jobs/JobPosting.aspx?JobControlId=280402&utm_source=CCLHO&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=DD+ITSD
 
The **Assistant Deputy Director (ADD) for Center for Health Statistics and Informatic**s (CHSI) Data Operations Division, manages the day-to-day operations of the Informatics Branch and Vital Statistics Branch including budget development, strategic planning, and projects for continuous quality improvement. The ADD plans, implements, coordinates, evaluates, and manages programs within these branches; and serves as an integral component in the formulation of policy. The ADD, when designated, serves as a backup to the Deputy Director when conducting business with the Legislature, other state departments, and private partners on CHSI issues involving health information management, data management, strategic planning, and vital statistics as they relate to the programs within the Data Operations Division. The final filing date to apply for this position (JC-283935) is January 13, 2022.
https://www.calcareers.ca.gov/CalHrPublic/Jobs/JobPosting.aspx?JobControlId=283935&utm_source=CCLHO&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=ADD+CHSI
 
The **Deputy Director for the Center for Healthy Communities** manages and directs public health policy development and develops an overarching identity and direction for the Center, bringing together its disparate programs into a cohesive whole with a shared vision and direction that are in alignment with the Department. The Deputy Director is responsible for the effective management and oversight of 10 branches, 3 offices, and 522 authorized positions with a budget of $593 million. The Deputy Director liaisons and provides policy recommendations to other state entities, including the California Health and Human Services, the Governor’s Office, the Legislature; federal and local governmental entities; community-based organizations; and California business and health care communities.  The final filing date to apply for this position (JC-282134) is January 14, 2022
https://www.calcareers.ca.gov/CalHrPublic/Jobs/JobPosting.aspx?JobControlId=282134&utm_source=CCLHO&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=CHC+DD
 
The **State Public Health Laboratory Director** is responsible for protecting the public health by assuring accurate and reliable clinical, environmental, and public health services through the provision of support services. The State Public Health Laboratory Director is responsible for providing consultation, regulatory compliance oversight and provision of support services to the six independent public health laboratories. The Director is responsible for ensuring the quality of clinical and environmental health testing in California, as well as the Laboratory Field Services Branch and the Laboratory Central Services Branch. This position provides professional consultation to/for Federal, State, and local public health and clinical laboratories and serves as the Department’s spokesperson, represents the Department, and provides leadership on the development and implementation of policies on clinical and environmental public health laboratory issues with appropriate state, regional and national organizations. The final filing date to apply for this position (JC-283169) is January 31, 2022
https://www.calcareers.ca.gov/CalHrPublic/Jobs/JobPosting.aspx?JobControlId=283169&utm_source=CCLHO&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=DD+SPHL
 
The *California Department of Public Health* is committed to achieving a diverse workforce through application of equal opportunity and nondiscrimination policies in all aspects of employment to create an environment that is welcoming to all individuals. The State of California is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, and disability (mental and physical), gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
